With the rapid development of society, parents are getting more and more involved with their children’s education.  The image of choice making illustrated a fundamental challenge facing the parents, when it comes to whether parents should permit children to make their own decision instead of designing their children’s future for them, there are always a host of different opinions held by different individuals. It is hard to deny that devise a plan for their children do release their pressure, and such a fact may mislead impressionable people to generate the opinion that parents should help determine their children future. However, such a statement suffers from both logical and factual fallacies, and it should be examined meticulously. For the long haul, I strongly believe that children should be encouraged to choose their own future.

To begin with, it’s true that children who devise a future plan on the own volition have more efficiency  and accuracy in problem solving. By tackling the dilemma in front of diverse choice, children will learn from every experience they went through, and construct their inimitable system which promotes their efficiency and accuracy in problem solving. In the long term, children would like to try new things which would reduce the likelihood that they’ll recoil with a different thing coming, be able to learn more knowledge, enhance their professional skills, and change their disadvantages, instead of simply obeying parents suggestions without any independent characteristics and ideas. In light of this, parents’ desire to make decision for their children may be unreasonable.

Nevertheless, on no account can we ignore the fact that independence will play extremely important role in children’s future life and should be developed in their early life. A crucial piece of laying the groundwork for the kids to form their characteristics involves making the kids to make their own choice. It goes without saying that parents can’t take care of their children all life, which means that parents can’t help kids navigate the world in all types of settings and situations. The children must make decision for themselves sooner and later, the earlier children learn to rely on themselves, the more advantages they would enjoy in future. Therefore, parents ought to make their maximum contribution to cultivate the dependence of their children.

Admittedly, a voice arises that children have less experience and knowledge  on making life decision than their parents so that some unnecessary mistakes would be avoided if parents make decision behalf of them. Ironically, parents don’t comprehend the gravity of the situation that ignoring the children's needs which would cause an intensive relationship between parents and kids. To reduce friction, bolster trust and maximize the impact of the role of parents, parents should lead the way by leaving enough space and power to decide on their own. Therefore, for creating harmonious family environment, a big step parents should take is to give enough power to kids to decide their future.

In a nutshell, I maintain that children should be allowed to make their own choice, and maybe some people may oppose me. However, I believe they will compromise after being exposed to my article.



