# 托福写作扩展材料

### What is Job Satisfaction?

**Definition**

Job satisfaction is a business term that refers to a person’s contentment with his or her job.

**Factors**

- [ ] work environment
- [ ] employee relation
- [ ] salary
- [ ] workplace attitudes
- [ ] individual hoping

employee satisfaction typically leads to increased motivation

workers don’t tent to feel like they are easily replaceable

its conpatibility with his or her occupation

### How to find a job?

Write a career plan.

Refresh your resume

Maximize your online search

prepare and practice

### Population ageing

Population ageing, driven by declining fertility , increasing longevity, and the progression of large-sized cohorts to older ages, is the dominant demographic trend of the 21st century.

Ecomomists have found that provision of informal caregiving for the elderly reduces formal employment among working-age adults, negatively impacting GDP growth in the US.

At the aggregate level, population ageing is likely to have effects on savings, investment ,real interest rates, and international capital flows.

While there are undoutedly many ecomonic risks associated with population ageing, we must avoid the pitfall of overstating population ageing’s challenges by underestimating the productive contrubutions that older adults make to society.

### Mickael Jackson

He was a multi-talented musical entertaine. He was a best-selling American singer, songwriter and dancer.

### Hierachy of needs

biological and physiological needs

safety needs

love and belongness needs

esteem needs

cognitive needs

aesthetic needs

self-actualization needs

transcendence needs

### Top 3 factors to happiness

phychological and physiological health, harmonious family and stable marriage

### Personal Goal Setting

**Step 1: Setting Lifetime Goals**

Setting lifetime goals gives you the overall perspective that shapes all other aspects of your decision making.

Career

Education

Family

Artistic

Physical

Pleasure

**Step 2: Setting Smaller Goals**

### Study abroad

1. Become a more well-rounded individual
2. Develop marketable business skills
3. Gain the competitive advantage
4. Open international career opportunities



