## TOP 66

> Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? **People who develop many different skills are more successful than people who focus on one skill only.** Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

**利弊分析：**

The first point: **many different skills**

advantages:

​	work -> more choices in employment, be easily recognized

​	life -> be able to contend with various problems, a good rapport

​	study -> acquire knowledges quickly, save time, 多元思维

disadvantages:

​	need more time and effort, even money

​	中国学生小时候有大量的课外补习班，压力大，不一定喜欢

​	未来工作用不到

​	什么都会，但什么都不精

The second point: **one skill only**

advantages:

​	人的精力有限，这样更有利于自己的成功

​	在某方面突出，容易得到他人的赏识，意味着更好的就业机会

​	压力少，有空余的时间修生养性

disadvantages:

​	遇到特定问题难以解决

​	定式思维，没有其他知识的启发



Emboldened by the skyrocketing of the Internet and the trend of escalating the issues about the young’s pressure, a pervasive phenomenon occurs, in order to guarantee a promising future for their children, most parents attempt to force their children trying to procure different skills whereas it’s detrimental for them instead sometimes. Contrary to the established belief that children are more likely to succeed in the future, I strongly hold the point that those who only focus on one skill would take control of their own life with a promising future.

Admittedly, there do exist some advantages as people consider paying painstaking efforts on different skills. Arming themselves with multifarious skills, their ideas and actions will tend to be more reasonable since the rationales behind every skill are different, enlightening them with a diversity of thoughts. Antithetically, people who only focus on one skill would easily get into the Mindset Trap, indicating that they are reluctant to receive a novel angle to comprehend, instead, they always perpetuate a stereotype thought without any inspiration from other domains. To some extent, people who master various skills, would obtain a more successful life in the future, for example, they could acquire knowledge quickly as a student which can save scads of time for them to promote themselves in other aspects, and they could have more choices in employment, establish a rapport with colleagues when they work.

Nevertheless, there are still some superficial and potential shortcomings compared to those who only focus on one skill. Due to the limited energy of people, it’s impossible for them to reach the crest of all their skills, implying that they have no extraordinary perceptive account of a specific skill. What is worse, some skills may be fruitless in the future and will atrophy from lack of use after a long period of time. During the process of mastering different skills, people need to flounder through overwhelming pressure and the rapid debilitation of the body. Take Chinese students as an example, most parents in China intend to force their children to participate in some extracurricular courses in order to make them learn different skills. Without considering whether children are interested, the behavior will put overloaded pressure on them and even lead to an intensive relationship between parents and children.





